Update index.md (#3688)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Set-Up/Upgrade-Umbraco-Cloud-Plan/index.md

Before you decide to upgrade your Umbraco Cloud plan, you need to consider a few things:

> - Changing a plan for a project on the new platform will change the outgoing IP of the project. If your solution have an external service that require to whitelist the outgoing IP of the project, please visit the documentation for [external services](https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Umbraco-Cloud/Set-Up/External-Services/) prior to upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changing a plan for a project on the new platform will change the outgoing IP of the project. If your solution have an external service that requires whitelisting the outgoing IP of the project, please visit the documentation for [external services](https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Umbraco-Cloud/Set-Up/External-Services/) prior to upgrade.
```
